As a C++ developer, some habits may have transferred over to my Python coding skills. :)

On an important note, even though I've written in Python a lot throughout the years, 
some aspects of the challenge were fairly new to me, as I'm mainly a C++ developer. 
However, as a self-taught developer, my most effective skill is learning new technologies 
with ease thanks to my curiosity. I believe I did a great job with what I've searched.

I tried to be as modular and scalable as possible, as I usually do. Some aspects,
 mainly naming, might be suboptimal as this is not a concrete project.

The first thing I did upon reading the assignment was to instinctively create a GitHub 
repo and add all the boilerplate Python code in a VSCode project—stuff like .gitignore,
 a basic Dockerfile, etc.

After that, I wanted to do some research that might be useful for me. With a simple ChatGPT
 prompt, I discovered RabbitMQ and Celery, both of which were open-source, so I read those 
 repositories. Of course, it wasn't enough, so I searched the internet more on the topic. 
 
 After that, I was left with two options: Create a library built around RabbitMQ and abstract it,
 or write an entire new message queue. I went with the ladder. I created a total of 3 services,
 Producer, Consumer and InterviewMQ. I decided to do that because I simply liked the challange of
 building my own message queue, as a plus it helped me understand it more so I can develop better.

My next main objective is to implement the client microservices to better understand
 what I'm going to do. I believe going step by step from such an example will amplify 
 my vision on the task.

So, after looking at some RabbitMQ examples and having a little chat with ChatGPT, 
I created two examples, I decied to add a frontend for a better usage.
Since I've developed some websites before, creating Frontend aka the producer, which receives messages 
and processes them like a front-end would, was more comfortable within my skill range.
So, I decided to add the websocket to that and focus more on it to aid my development 
steps.

After that I added http which was more challanging since there needed to be an active open connection,
but I found my way around.

Overall I didn't add many functionalities that came into my mind because I didn't want to over do
the assignemnt task, there is no need to re-invent the wheel after all. But there can deffinitely be more
stuff added like more checks and exceptions, a custom logger whcih I started but scrapped later on,
a read recipt and many more came to my mind during development.

The hardest part for me was the unit testing. This repository is more suited to integration testing
than unit testing as I cannot propperly mock anything and the open connection kept the terminal frozen
when running consumer tests no matter what I did. I believe given more time I would have done better
tests but this is the bare minimum for now. 

I kept getting this error when doing mocks: `AttributeError: __aenter__`
which there are some posts on the internet but I couldn't seem to fix it given my situation and
chatgpt was no help either. I think it's about the compability of my used libraries.

I think this was a really fun interview challange and I quite enjoyed doing it :)

Thank you for your time for reading all of this, I hope you have a wonderfull day.